Miss Lin
From what I can tell, you have the looks
You don't need to rely on this to make money
So why do you want to model for us?
Money
Can money buy the Rayli Star championship?
That bastard
He dumped me over some stupid title
I want to see for myself
what magic the modeling world really has
So you're a rich fool with a grudge, huh
That's all?
I get it
With your assets, sweetheart,
forget online talent shows.
As long as we package you right,
getting on TV won't be a problem.
We'll sign the contract in a bit
From now on, we're family
Just call me Sister Amy
Sister Amy
This is
Her name is Zeng Lili
She's our company's top girl
Never mind her foot.
She uses it to stir up hype
She's insanely popular online
You don't know?
These days, some rich photographers
just love shooting this "broken beauty" stuff
Let's go
Princess
Why not use your cash superpowers?
If you don't buy votes,
you'll be out in round one
What's the point of buying votes?
I'm going to win with real ability
Ability?
Here,
whoever's sugar daddy has clout
is the one with "ability"
Haozi
Get the vote count up
Got it
Damn
Voting texts are one yuan each
How much is that gonna cost?
Sis
Who the hell are you?
Your votes just shot right past
our company's top girl's.
How did they jump so much all at once?
First place!
She's actually in first place!
Who is she?
She's even higher than Lili
She hit first place that fast?
Lin Shen
I knew you weren't ordinary
President Wang said
he wants to see you in person
You're the new girl
Xiao Shen, you're here.
Come in
I heard we got a rising star at the company
Come, come
Sit, sit, sit
Not bad
You're truly beautiful
But
your feet
are even more beautiful
Thank you, President Wang
With your recognition,
in the competition,
I'll definitely achieve great results
Do your best, okay
I need to take a call
You rest for a bit
As long as you let my son go,
we can talk about anything
Rookies are always like this
They don't know their place
The higher they're lifted up,
the harder they crash
I'm telling you,
you should just go home while you can
Lili
You don't have to see me as competition
I won't be in this business for long
I'm only here because of my jerk ex,
so I wanted to see for myself
what this whole talent show thing really is
All this over that?
Men,
aren't they all the same?
It's not like you can't find a better one
You have no idea.
In our line of work,
as long as you have a bit of money,
you won't find any good people around you
My ex was just like that
Just like our boss's son
Idling around all day doing nothing
Let me tell you something juicy
The boss's son
got kidnapped
Did you know?
Even a newbie like me knows,
so you must know too
No wonder I haven't seen Li Hu lately
I'm telling you,
this business is shady.
Get out while you still can.
Lili
Who is Li Hu?
Him?
He used to be Wang Dahai's driver
He hung out with that rich kid every day
Drinking, whoring, gambling
He got into everything
Li Hu
Thirty-five years old
He and Wang Dongdong are birds of a feather
Addicted to gambling
But when Wang Dongdong loses,
his dad covers for him
Li Hu is the one who's screwed
He owes a mountain of debt
His wife even divorced him
Captain
Through canvassing, we found out
Wang Dongdong last showed up
near an old residential complex
An old residential complex?
He's a rich kid
What would he be doing there?
Maybe gambling
Are there any underground casinos around there?
Shi Lei
Prepare the paperwork
Go ask the Public Security Brigade
See if there are any gambling dens nearby
Public Security reported to command
that the case may involve organized crime
The department leadership instructed us
to work the case jointly with them.
Police! Don't move!
Where are you standing?
Don't move. Squat down.
Squat down. Don't move.
Behave yourself.
Don't move.
Don't move, hear me?
Don't move. Behave yourself!
Talk.
Has Wang Dongdong been here lately?
Wang Dongdong?
He hasn't come for days.
He's got a serious addiction.
He owes us a lot of money.
We haven't found him yet.
I-I know.
I know.
If I tell you...
Can you go easy on me?
If you don't talk now,
then you're in danger right now.
No, no...
I'll talk, I'll talk!
Well...
The last time Wang Dongdong came,
he came with Li Hu.
Where does Li Hu usually go?
I know, I know, I know!
Madam Officer...
When the time comes, could you...
put in a good word for me?
Just let me off this once.
How many people here
have had their families ruined by you?
Did you ever let them off?
And you still dare bargain with us?
I'll talk! I'll talk! I'll talk!
That Li Hu...
used to be Wang Dongdong's dad's driver.
They... they often hung out at...
Who is it? Who is it?
Don't move!
Don't shoot! Don't shoot! Don't shoot!
Are you Li Hu?
I'm Li Hu, I'm Li Hu, Li Hu!
Take him away.
Ow, ow, ow!
Don't move.
Move.
I...
I'm gonna use the restroom first.
No cold drinks before your period.
No wonder it hurts like hell.
I was just frustrated.
Drank something cold to cool off.
Besides, I've got you, don't I?
Bringing me the warmth of a spring breeze,
staying by my side to take care of me.
Cut the crap.
Next time it hurts, take a painkiller.
Don't tough it out.
I don't want my mission report to say
that you got hurt because of cramps.
If you care about me, just say so.
Still acting tough.
Saying one thing, meaning another.
Go on, hurry up.
This way.
Officers...
I already told you.
This was all...
planned by Wang Dongdong.
I was just the hired help.
He told me
his dad is stingy.
Each time, he'd only give him
ten or twenty thousand yuan.
Put it another way,
that ten or twenty thousand
isn't even enough for one bet, right?
Loan sharks were after me. I had no choice.
So...
I figured
we'd scam his dad,
stage a fake kidnapping.
He told me
we could get one million.
What's with the ear?
He did it.
He said
it couldn't look too fake.
So I thought
if you aren't willing to risk the kid,
you won't catch the wolf, right?
We had to make it real.
What if he actually won big?
You really are a hard-core gambler.
So why cut off an ear?
Your ear...
you willingly let him cut it off?
The guy is sick in the head.
What normal person
watches "Black Cat Detective" every day?
That mouse in the show
actually gave him the idea.
Who's talking about me?
At the time,
he told me
as long as the money came through,
we'd be set for the rest of our lives.
And as for my ear,
it wouldn't have been cut for nothing.
Now look at this.
The money's gone,
and I'm missing an ear.
What am I gonna do with my life now?
Where is Wang Dongdong now?
Where's he hiding?
I know that.
Down in the south of the city,
at that old factory.
He even complained about me.
Saying that...
my ear smelled like blood.
He said when the real deal goes down,
he'll call me over.
Officers...
It was all planned by him.
I'm half a victim too, right?
Mr. Wang.
That's basically the situation.
Ungrateful brat!
He's an ungrateful brat.
How could I have a son like this?
He actually...
He actually did it to trick me...
Just for money...
He teamed up with someone to scam me.
To scam me!
My own son...
Officer...
I'm not filing a report anymore.
Withdraw the case.
Withdraw it!
I...
I'll let him fend for himself.
Please don't get worked up.
This is the police station.
Please mind yourself.
Mind yourself.
Mr. Wang.
Mr. Wang!
You need to calm down.
We still need to see him in person.
Yes, yes, yes.
Answer the phone.
Hello?
He's gone missing.